After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github and Heroku.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (e.g., Heroku):
        https://online-teaching-site.herokuapp.com/

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
        https://github.com/watercable76/ONLINE-UNIVERSITY-PROJECT

3. Copy and paste the URL for your video demonstrating your app (e.g., YouTube):
        https://youtu.be/1ToSGKFZ04k

4. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning.
    User authentication, guests can see courses available, students can sign up for an account and for individual courses and view a list of courses they signed up for, teachers can do all of the above plus create, read, update and delete their own courses and view how many students are currently signed up for their courses, admins can create, read, update and delete anything.

5. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
        The styling was not finished, but the functionality of the app is working.

6. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
        Using role-based access control is the coolest part.


7. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?
        The only thing I can think of is to not do it as a block course because the course goes too fast for a student new to node.js to truly learn all the curriculum.

8. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
   1 - Some attempt was made
   2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
   3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
   4 - Meets requirements
   5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

   [5]

9. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
        The app is fully functional for use as an online teaching site. We also used role-based access control to enable guests students, teachers and admins to authorize access to various parts of the app.